Now before I export this out export the U-V map out I'd like to try and get a sense of what is what.
What parts of this U-V map coincide to which parts of the 3D model.
So say if I choose this face right here I can see that there is that face on the U.V. map.
So let me select everything over here in a 3D view.
And then as I begin selecting things over here I can't really see it yet.
In the 3-D view but if I come down here to this little guy right here this keep U.V. and it moët selection
in the sink.
I can turn that on.
Now if I select say this face here we can see which one it is here.
So I'm going to press the L key over this and instead of selecting by seam else liked by normal I guess
so that'll select everything and I'll hover over these and press the L key as well just so we can get
a sense of where they are.
Now they're kind of mixed in there and it be nice if I can access them kind of as one unit.
And there are a couple of ways to do this.
Now I can spend some time here and rearrange the map manually to try and get these things together so
that when I take them into Photoshop I can kind of deal with them all at once or when I could also do
is export the U.V. map out in parts so I could export the U.V. map out with only these pieces and then
I could export the U.V. map out with all the other pieces and then overlay them on top of each other
in Photoshop.
That way I could turn the layer off for one and on for the other.
So let me show you what I mean here.
If I come back down here and turn this back off.
Now I've only got these here right.
I've only got these U-V islands coinciding with just the kitchen counters so I can export this out on
its own.
So let's say I go to Uvas and export U-V lay out here.
Got to my textures folder I go in and create a new folder here and we'll call this I'll just call it
kitchen.
I'll put everything in there all the textures for the kitchen in there I'll take this to 2048 because
I want it to be a little bit bigger and I'll call this countertops UVA's like that.
So I'll go ahead and export this out.
Now what I can do is just invert the selection so I can come down here to select and inverse or control
I.
And now I've inverted the selection for everything else.
One thing about it is this little guy that handle once we texture this just that one U-V we're going
to duplicate it all the way around.
But I think it could be a little bit bigger.
Here let me zoom in and select this as an island I'm going to choose you the island selection and I'll
click that.
And I just think I'll move it down into here and scale it up just a little bit.
So now that I've got all of this here I can export this out as well.
Export U-V lay out put it in that kitchen folder and for this let's call this cabinets.
There we go.
Oh and I need to make sure these are the same size.
2048 and export these out as well.
All right so now let's go take a look at them in Photoshop here in Photoshop I'll open them up.
I'll go to that kitchen folder select both of them and let's open those up so you can see I've got one
U-V map for the countertops and one for the cabinets.
What let's do is let's go ahead and select everything here with control or command a and we'll copy
it and then we can come over here.
And if I just paste it in it's going to be in the wrong place.
What I need to do is come over here to edit paste special and use this paste in place or shift command
the click that and that inserts the movies into the proper place on the map.
So if I turn this off and on hopefully you can see that let me zoom in a little bit.
It's kind of hard to see.
So you can see here how they've been placed in the proper spot on the U-V map.
So now I can work with each individual one.
I can work with just the wood and the handle or I can work with just the countertops.
So well let's do it.
Let's go ahead and work with the wood for now.
Most of these are going up and down I see the grain should be going up and down but up here you can
see the grain is going horizontally these are the kitchen cabinets here.
But let's see what we can do.
I'm going to open up a new texture I'm going to go to my textures folder on my drive and I think I have
a wood grain that I kind of like.
Let me see it's this one here.
Yeah.
I think I'd like to use this one for the kitchen cabinets so I will open that up.
Select it all.
Copy it.
And let's bring it into this document here.
I will paste it drag it down beneath the movies.
I better call these the cabinet movies so I know which one it is.
And these are called these the counter movies.
All right so this is a little bit big.
Obviously we're going to need to shrink this down quite a bit.
I'm going to go ahead and rotate it 90 degrees and shrink it down some.
And let me see if I can place it right down here.
See how this looks I'm wondering if this is going to be small enough for the counter's I think it will
be.
Let's go ahead and use this like this.
I'll press shift and Allt and click and drag and let's start duplicating this around the U-V map here.
All right I have gone through the same process that we've gone through before just copying and arranging
the woodgrain over the U.V. map as best as I can but I'm going to need to take this back into blender
just to see if I've got the woodgrain in the right direction for all of the U.V. islands.
So I'm going to turn off the movies for the cabinets here and I'm not going to clean it up quite yet.
I just want to see how I did here and before I export it I'm going to go ahead and save it.
I'm going to save it as a PSP here and I'll just call it cabinets.
I'll just call it cabinets here.
And now I'm going to export it file export Export as
and export this as a PNB and I'll put it in that kitchen folder as well.
So I call this cabinets underscore see for color map and let's see how we did over here in Blender.
I'll go ahead and create a new material for the cabinets here in the material panel I'll just click
new and let's call this cabinets here in the note editor I will go ahead and bring in an image node.
I can go to add texture image texture and I'll go ahead and bring in that texture map that we created.
Here it is and I'll switch to texture viewport shading.
Now let's tab back into object mode and let's take a look at this.
Yeah we're going to have issues with the counter and that's OK.
I'm not worried about that right now I just want to make sure that everything is looking OK and to me
this part doesn't look very good.
I feel like these up here aren't looking very good.
So I've got several areas in which either the woodgrain is going the wrong way or it just isn't looking
very good.
So one of those is this right up here.
So let me go to face mode select that and I can see that that's that area there.
It looks like that needs to be turned as well as this one up here.
That doesn't look too bad.
But this one appears turned in the wrong direction.
So I just need to go through and figure out on the U-V map which ones are turned in the wrong direction.
This is turned in the wrong direction here but I don't really care because the stove is going to be
there.
So that's fine by me.
So what I'll do is go through and work on that and just try and edit those to turn the textures for
these individual U-V islands in the proper direction well I've gone back to photoshop and turned some
of these woodgrain textures to match the model a little better so let me bring that back in and let's
see how it looks.
All right so that looks a little better we've got woodgrain going up and down here.
We think that looks pretty good so good to go with that for now.
And now let's take a look at working on those countertops in Photoshop here.
Go ahead and clean this up.
So if I select the UVA's here and go come over here to my magic wand tool and select outside of the
movies I'm going to have to shift click in a couple of areas down here to get these as well.
Looks like I have all of them now I think I'm going to go to select and modify and contract and contract
that selection by two pixels and then I'll take all of this woodgrain Photoshop Lares and combine them
all together with control or command E and now I'll just hit delete and clean that up.
Now I can come over here to these U-V islands and I'll work on these in the same way.
So let me hide these here and now we've got our countertops.
I just need to find a good texture for the countertops and lay these in in the proper places.
You know what.
Why don't I use that texture we used earlier.
See if I can find that.
I think back in here in the textures folder here.
Isn't that what we used on the coffee table and wouldn't that be.
I think that would work out OK.
Let's give that a try.
I'll open it up and bring it in.
And let's check it out.
Yeah I think this would probably work.
All right.
I do plan to put a bit of grunge over it.
So I think it'll work out.
All right I put that texture over those islands.
I can grab that cabinet layer that cabinet texture and drag that up above here.
Turn it back on and turn off the movies.
And now the countertop is just showing through the empty places where the wood is so let's go ahead
and export this and give it a try.
All right here in Blender I'll just get rid of that and reload that.
Bring that cabinets underscores C back in and let's take a look.
Yeah I think that'll work.
Now I'm going to want a lot more grunge but I think that's going to work just fine.
So let's go clean that color map up before I add some grunge.
I'll just go back to Photoshop.
I've already cleaned this up.
Let's take all of this.
All of these countertop layers and combine them down to one call this counter and I'll call these cabinets.
I'll select the counters you the layer and with the magic wand to go ahead and select around all of
those me turn off the wood here just to make sure I have all of these selected.
Yep looks like that's good.
I'll expand the selection.
Scuse me can track the selection by two pixels over the counter layer.
Delete and there we go.
So now we've got that let's now create a new layer put it behind all of this make it black go to our
paint bucket tool and let's put black behind there.
All right.
Now we think all we need to do is just work on bringing in some grunge just some dirt and nastiness.
We'll work on that in the next video.